Add hint about rt-boostrapper installation (#1501)
kyma-project/kyma-infrastructure-manager: docs/operator/kim-instalation.md

Those three controllers are the inseparable components of KIM.

> > **Note:** For restricted markets, KIM automatically installs and configures the Runtime Bootstrapper on each Kyma runtime (SKR). The Runtime Bootstrapper is pre-configured per restricted market by KIM — no manual installation or configuration is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ### Note:
> For restricted markets, KIM automatically installs and configures Runtime Bootstrapper on each Kyma runtime, and no manual installation or configuration is required.
```

> > **Note:** For restricted markets, when the Runtime Bootstrapper is enabled (`runtime-bootstrapper-enabled: true`), KIM automatically installs and configures it on each Kyma runtime (SKR). The Runtime Bootstrapper is pre-configured per restricted market by KIM — no manual installation or configuration is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ### Note:
> For restricted markets, when [Runtime Bootstrapper](../operations-rt-bootstrapper/01-runtime-bootstrapper.md) is enabled (`runtime-bootstrapper-enabled: true`), KIM automatically installs and configures it on each Kyma runtime, and no manual installation or configuration is required.
```

Reviewer: ~~Let's wait until we can provide a link to the Runtime Bootstrapper doc in the operator's guide, shall we?~~

Edit: Please add this note to the config doc in product-kyma-runtime. I added the link, but it will work after [this PR](https://github.tools.sap/kyma/product-kyma-runtime/pull/1469) is merged tomorrow. Since this information is intended for restricted-market operators, you don't need to add it here.
